Application Todos:
 ☐ xEnquiry n subscription captcha mandatory
 ☐ cron jobs and data grabbing with social posts
 ☐ Move newsletters between applications
 ☐ owner.php page elfinder.gull js to elfinder.min file conversion
 ☐ smlite to gitemplate
 ☐ filestore for images in xShop and others
 ☐ Email settings : Form stacked


   ATK:
 ☐ quicksearch if paginator page is set and records are less than it.. should go to last page


 Order .. approx delivery date, priority ....
 Dispatch as last dept ... addItem looks wrong ... cannot forward to dispatch ... 
 Quotation View as per Sales Order ... 
 and terms and condition add in template ... 

 all action must have comment or message on click ... (_page type of functions)


Dispatch .. Out Source check



order no direct show on jobcard


24 march:
1)when appove order if selected store...
2)job card k grid pr oder no b show krna h
3.) material request ka view name k click pr lana h abhi grid k random click  pr aa rha h 

8 April:
1) Quotation Rate Amount Calculation
2) Team Assignment
3) Quotation view like Order View 
4) JobCard Editing Facility
5)


5 Jun:
Narration sab jagah jodna he
 ☐Purchase Order
 ☐Purchase Invoice
 ☐Quotation
 ☐Sale Order
 ☐Sale Invoice
Amount in words print or send via mail par jodna he
 ☐ Dispatch to direct invoice tax amount nahi aa rha he
Custome Fields View Beautify krna he
created date invoice, order, jobcard par jodni he 
All name ka Tab Sab Jagah dena he
Account Statement rates shi nh aa rhi he
Discount in Acount Department dekhna he
REPORT CREATE KRNI HE :



//xMLM Updatetion
Booking form only checking date

--------Done-----------
At approve hotel confirmation separate field and contact number of hotel
and confirmation number in email and hotel contact number

Joining kit  change to Packages

Upload Proof
Upload Distributors sign up Form
Show geenration income
//add level plan and income in next version
hide repurchase menu
indroduction income change to Direct selling income
check for booking if done for a year entry ...
Credit manage with multiple email id
freelook -1 days
logout jump to main website
KYC and address proof in backend admin ...
--------Done-----------


Booking approve tab 1add filter for today approval and other

Config emails templates of various locations ... 